add miscellaneous chapter (#446)
plone/training: wsgi/miscellaneous.rst

Can I talk to the supervisor?
=============================

Miscellaneous topics that are related to Plone and WSGI but do not fit anywhere else (yet).

Install Plone using pip
-----------------------

The official Zope documentation provides instructions on how to `install Zope with pip <https://zope.readthedocs.io/en/latest/INSTALL.html#installing-zope-with-pip>`_.

> It uses ``pip``'s ``-c`` option to specify a ``constraints.txt`` file that contains the version information (i.e. the known good set of package versions), similar to ``versions.cfg`` in ``zc.buildout``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses pip's ``-c`` option to specify a ``constraints.txt`` file that contains the version information (the known good set of package versions), similar to ``versions.cfg`` in ``zc.buildout``.
```
